{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }}\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #00:02#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
<intro>\
Hello there people, you person looking at me. Today I'm gonna be reviewing The Last Wild by Piers Torday. I received this book from the book depository as a part of their book depository affiliate program. So let's talk about The Last Wild by Piers Torday. \
</intro>\

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #00:17#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
<summary>\
The Last Wild is about a boy who's taken from his mother and father to be put into quarantined institution because of a virus that has broken out throughout the world. Our main character James is picked on and bullied in this institution by his peers, and he really just feels misunderstood and really misses his family. \

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #00:31#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
He begins to hear voices in his room and he doesn't really know where they're coming from until he realizes that they're coming from little beetles that are crawling throughout his room. This is when he realizes that he has the ability to talk to bugs and animals. The bugs explain to the boy that they are in need of help, and so he ends up breaking out of the institute and helping these animals out. That's what the book is basically about, let's talk about somethings now... Some things in this book.\
</summary>\

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #00:55#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
<review>\
I really liked the main character James, and I felt for him. But at the same time there was a lack of character development and I felt like I was expected to fully understand him, fully understand his struggles right off the bat, and that was really hard for me to just jump in and be like "okay. This is how he's feeling, I'm supposed to understand why he feels this way." \

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #01:12#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
I thought the story overall was really unique and fascinating and it was full of action and suspense and it was just really an exciting book. But the main thing that I have a problem with was the writing style, I didn't really enjoy it, it was kind of hard to follow at times, and it just didn't really think it was very well done, and it kind of caused me not to enjoy the story as much as I would have if it was written better. I'm not saying that this author is a terrible writer, but I think it could have been done better. \

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #01:35#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
I ended up giving this book a 3/5 stars. If you're wanting a fun children's book that's really intense and fun and exciting, then definitely check out this book. I will leave a link to where you can buy this on the book depository's website. You should definitely check it out if you get the chance to. And uhh let me know down below if you've least The Last Wild or if you plan to, cuz it's a really fun book and you should read it. \
</review>\

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #01:56#}