{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }}\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #00:00#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
<intro>\
Hoi. This is a review of Matched by Ally Condie. I borrowed this book from a friend a while back and I read it about one or two months ago. Matched is a book in the tradition of the young adult dystopian novels.\
</intro>\

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #00:14#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
<summary>\
The basic premise of this book is that there is this girl called Cassia. She lives in what is called "society". Whenever someone turns seventeen they go to this ceremony and they get matched with a potential partner in this is the person that is their perfect partner, and they get married and they have babies and everyone lives happily ever after and basically what this society is trying to do is just make perfect people. People get a certain amount of food and they're only allowed to do a certain amount of exercise. They have a job that fits whatever they're good at, so they live this kind of perfect normal life. \
</summary>\

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #00:46#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
<review>\
When I read about this ceremony that was going to happen, where everyone finds their perfect match, I just though to myself, "let's guess who will not find a perfect partner, there must be some kind of complication." I wish that there was some kind of dystopian book where, for some reason, the main character fits perfectly into society. There are some complications with Cassia's matching. There are two boys involved, and it's dramatic and I did not care for that part of the storyline whatsoever. \

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #01:16#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
However there were some points of the storyline that I thought were kind of interesting. I believe that the author was a high school English teacher, and there's lots of literature involved in this book. I'm all for intertextuality and references to poetry and novels. What happened in this situation was that the government decided that culture was too cluttered, there were too many things. So they picked a hundred poems, a hundred songs, and a hundred pieces of art. I'm not quite sure what all the categories were, but they picked a hundred of each and destroyed the rest. The thought of that is absolutely horrifying, but it is very interesting to kind of discuss "which hundred poems would you pick?" It would be impossible to do but I really enjoyed all the references to that in this novel. \

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #01:55#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
Another thing that's mentioned in this book is that people never learn how to write because all they do is tap their little keyboards. Cassia secretly learning how to write is also part of the story, which I thought was an interesting thing. \

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #02:07#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
There was one scene that really stood out to me, which I finally thought "Oh! Cassia has a kind of interesting personality", and that was when her brother's crying because he's scared to go to school. He's making a ruckus, which they're not allowed to do. You're not allowed to run or scream. So Cassia tells him that the tablet that they have on which they write all their stuff is actually really fun and you can play lots of games on it. So then she goes through the effort of making up all these games that she can teach her brother in order for to never tell him that she actually kind of lied. \

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #02:36#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
Those things I just mentioned to me were kind of the only redeeming qualities of the book. I thought the rest was pretty average, maybe borderline boring. Some of the imagery was so over the top. For example Cassia wears a green dress to the ceremony, and then later there's all these references to green, and instead of it just kind of being mentioned that she sees something green or that something is green, it's mentioned over and over again like "look, that thing is green. Green like the dress I wore." It was getting to a point where it was slowly getting you embarrassed for reading this in public, because I felt like people knew what kind of book this was. \

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #03:13#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
Final verdict on Matched is that I will not be reading the sequel. I'd say that this book is pretty skippable unless you're really big fan of this whole YA (young adult) dystopian genre and you're gonna want an easy read, then I'd say go for it. Otherwise I think you could possibly skip this one. \
</review>\

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #03:30#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
<outro>\
In the comments you can let me know what you thought about Matched. Maybe you really loved it, tell me what you liked about it, or if you didn't like it tell me what you didn't like. And for those of you who read the sequel maybe you can let me know if it's better or worse than this book. I'll talk to you guys later. Doei.\
</outro>\

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #03:43#}