{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }}\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #00:00#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
<intro>\
Hi everybody, this is Candy from The Candy Show and I'm here with another episode of Candy Reads. Today we're going to review The Outlander by Diana Gabaldon. Now I er I assume I am announcing that right, "Gabaldon". This is an 850 page fiction work, so this is a novel, and it's actually the first in a whole series of novels, umm that she put out. It's her very first book and it started a long series and I'm a little late to the party on this. This was first publish in 1991 by <unintelligible> Books, and so there's been quite a few since, so I've got some catching up to do in terms of my reading.  \
</intro>\

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #00:36#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
<summary>\
When I started reading it, it's set in 1945 Scotland, so just after World War 2 ends and, I was kind of excited because I have a romantic notion about Scotland and Ireland in that time and in fact I really wanna go there. \

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #00:48#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
Denise and I are planning a trip to Paris and London this year, but I'm hoping maybe two years from now to do Scotland and Ireland. \

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #00:56#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
So I was really excited, it's set in 1945 Scotland, umm but quickly we time shift, which I wasn't expecting. I didn't know that at all that that's what this novel was about. The main character, Clair Randall, was a nurse during World War 2, during the- the war, and she's now with her husband in Scotland, celebrating a belated anniversary when she goes to this sort of pagan site, and time travels. \

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #01:24#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
And she time travels all the way back to 1743, and she meets the other main character in the novel, Jaime Frasier. Now, she also happens to meet one of her husband's ancestors, who's a very bad guy, but this Jaime Frasier she ends up falling in love with. He's quite a bit younger than her and she marries him in 1743. During the whole book we never come back to 1945. \
</summary>\

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #01:51#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
<review>\
It's a very interesting read because once you kind of get into what's happening in 1743, you forget that she's time traveled, except for women have come a long way from 1743 to 1945. So she is constantly running into these issues around people not understanding A)how much she knows about medicine cuz you can imagine a nurse from 1945 knows more than a doctor from 1743 so... \

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #02:20#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
I, y'know, for  850 pages general when a book's that long I say uh "Find yourself a good editor and cut that down." But actually, there is not a lot of fluff in this, I thought all 850 pages were a great ride. While it starts out a little bit slow, once she time travels, it was one of those books where I just, y'know, "oh, what time is it? I'll stay up and read one more chapter." so...\

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #02:43#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
I'm really looking forward to the second in the series. I have it, it's in my stack of books to read. Umm, and if you like time travel. If you like period-type books, I think even if you don't like time travel but you like period-type books I think you would really, really enjoy this. \

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #03:03#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
Umm, I would definitely recommend it to anybody who likes Phillip McGregory books and those types of read. So yes, Diana Gabaldon, Outlander, and excellent novel and one that I can't wait to follow up with its second book.\
</review>\

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #03:17#
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \
<outro>\
Thanks so much for watching. Follow me on GoodReads under The Candy Show. You'll see what I'm reading currently and I also will link my book reviews over to my reviews over on GoodReads. And until I see you again, don't drink and drive, where a condom ever time, happy fall, don't cut your thumb off carving the pumpkin and I'll see you the next video. Bye.\
</outro>\

\f0\fs24 \cf2 #03:40#}